Suppose we have a user and he makes a request, this request is made with the help of the app variable since it is using the Express server.
This means that all the request that comes to the server goes to this app and this app handles all the requests.

This app can also said to be a request handler. So it handles all the requests and routes every request to an appropriate route.

Everything in this step is handled by Express.

Now between this routing there exists some custom middlewares that perform specific functions.
This means everytime a request is send, it won't be sent to the route directly, rather it would be send to that middleware.

So in short, middlewares help us to write interceptors.

Features of a middleware:
(There can be n number of middlewares)
    1. It can read the request
    2. This middleware can terminate req res cycle
    3. middlewares can forward the request to other middlewares.

In our book store management project, app.use(express.json()) acts like a parser based on the content-type(application/json).
Now this parser can forward the request to another middleware by calling the next() function.

The middleware app.use(express.json()) calls the next middleware internally, that is why we have not used the next() convention inside this middleware.

There can be three types of middleware:
    1. Route level middleware
    2. Global middleware
    3. Router middleware

There can be a series of middlewares that can be called inside a function.

Express performs path stripping before sending the request to a middleware.
In the index.js file, the global middleware for route /books requests a url from the request body. In return it gets the URL /. 
This is because when you define a middleware with a specific path like app.use('/books', ...), Express matches the URL prefix /books and then strips it off before passing the request to the middleware function. 
So the remaining URL is / and that is why in the console it says that the request is for / route.