The Sync/Synchronous function tells Node.js to block the execution until the directories are created.

fs.appendFileSync is an example of Synchronous function which waits for the write operation to be completed before moving on to the next line of the code

Whereas, The Async/Asynchronous is a non-blocking method which initiates the write operation and immediately moves to the next line of code without waiting for the write to finish.



In a blocking operation (Synchronous) -> the function returns the content immediately which can be stored in a variable and can be used in the next line.
Whereas,
In a Non-blocking operation (Asynchronous) -> If we try to store the data in a variable using a callback function then it will immediately return undefined. Since callback functions "call back" to the code with the result once the background task is finished. Direct assignment of content in a variable is not allowed.


NodeJs Architecture:-

    NodeJs Server:

        Event Queue - this enqueues all the new requests coming to the server
        Event Loop - this listens to the Event Queue. Then while listeninig to the event   
        queue, it picks up the requests in a FIFO order and executes them one by one.
        
                    The event loop also checks whether the request is a blocking operation 
                    or a non-blocking operation.

                    Situation 1 (blocking operation): If a request is a blocking operation
                     then the rest of the users will have to face downtime.

                    Situation 2 (Non blocking operation(CPU intensive task))): a non-
                    blocking operation is assigned to a thread pool which consists of 
                    multiple worker threads.
                    The request is assigned to an ideal thread which will work on that 
                    particular thread. This way, the remaining requests can also be 
                    executed.

                    Once the execution is completed, the thread will be callbacked and in 
                    the event loop and the response is given to the user.